add full cmd line with custom logback file (#116)
ConsenSys/doc.tessera: docs/HowTo/Use/Logging.md

The level of logging is controlled by the Logback configuration file. The default file packaged with Tessera can be seen [here](https://github.com/ConsenSys/tessera/blob/master/tessera-dist/src/main/resources/logback.xml).

> To specify a different logging configuration, pass a customised Logback file on the command line using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a different logging configuration, pass a customized Logback file on the command line:
```

Author: I'm not going to change the ise to ize since it's everywhere. If we're going to do that we should change it globally in a single PR :)
